
                    One current post lists a person's stats, what schools they applied to, and their results. This would be an even better alternative to someone randomly posting "can i get into cornell?"  We don't know, but looking at the stats of people who did and did not get in will help you make a more educated guess.



See what I'm saying? So could more graduated seniors who just went through the process post their stats and results?  That would rock!  Thanks guys!!                

                    Hey everyone! I told myself I'd do this once I heard back from all of my schools. My journey through the college application process was a roller coaster I hope to never have to ride again. However, I'm really happy with where I've come since I started. My first SAT score was an 1850 - from there, I worked hard to raise my scores and prepare my applications, and I'm excited to share my results.



Here are my stats:

Objective:

ACT (breakdown) 33 (E: 35, M:31, R: 33, S: 33, W: 10/12)

SAT II: Chemistry:550 Math 2: 730

GPA: 3.94 UW/4.20 W

Rank (percentile if rank is unavailable): Top 10%

AP (Scores): AP Lang: 5

Senior Year Course Load: AP Literature, AP Environmental Science, Honors Calculus, AP European History, Architecture Studio II.



Misc/Awards:

Scholarship Award to attend Carnegie Mellon's Pre-College Architecture Program

High Pass grades awarded at CMU Arch Summer Program

Second Place in this year's National High School Architecture Competition

Participated in 5 school-wide poetry slams, hosted 1

Participated in art exposition



Subjective:

Extracurriculars:

-Activities Board within the Architecture Academy at my school (President - 2 years)

-Schoolwide Student Council (Officer - 4 years)

-Slam Poetry/Spoken Word Club (Founding Member - 3 years)

-Gender Equality Club (Founder - 1 year)

-Consumer Bowl (Co-Captain - 2 years)

-National Honor Society (elections TBA - 1 year)

-National Japanese Honor Society (3 years)

-Junior State of America (3 years)



Job/Work Experience:

-Intern/Teacher's Assistant for my school's health teacher.

-Held two part-time sales associate positions since the end of my sophomore year (15-20 hrs/week).



Volunteer/Community service: 200+ hours



Supplementary: Submitted a portfolio

Country (if international applicant):

State: New Jersey

School Type: Vocational

Ethnicity: South Asian

Gender: Male

Income Bracket: ~$70,000

Hooks: Arch EC's/Major Architecture Award



SCHOOLS:

-Carnegie Mellon University

-Cornell University

-Lehigh University

-Princeton University

-Columbia University

-Washington University in St. Louis

-Northeastern University

-Illinois Institute of Tech

-NJIT

-Drexel University



ACCEPTED TO: Carnegie Mellon (top choice!!), Lehigh University, Northeastern University, Drexel University, Illinois Institute of Technology, NJIT

WAITLISTED AT: WashU

REJECTED AT: Cornell, Princeton, Columbia



Thanks for reading, and I hope this helps future applicants!





                    Background info: I'm an asian american male and I go to a public high school in California.



1. GPA



Weighted GPA (when applying to colleges): 3.94



Unweighted GPA: 3.44



10-12 WGPA: 4.3

10-12 UWGPA: 3.5



2. Course Load



Freshman Year: Chem Honors, Trig/Precalc Honors, Spanish 2, English Honors, Health/World-Geography



Sophomore Year: AP Calc AB (5), AP Bio (3), AP Stats (3), AP Euro (3), Spanish 3 Honors, English Honors



Junior Year: AP Calc BC (5), AP English Language (5), AP Environmental Science (5), AP Physics B(4), APUSH (3), AP Spanish Language (2)



Senior Year: AP Chemistry(3-4), AP Literature(5), AP Psychology(4-5), Economics Honors. Predicted scores in parentheses



3. Test Scores

SAT: 2210 Single Sitting (740 CR, 750 Math, 720 Writing), 2270 Superscore (740 CR, 770 Math, 760 Writing)

ACT: 34 Single Sitting (33 English, 35 Math, 34 Reading, 32 Science)

SAT 2: 800 Math, 710 US History, 690 Biology E, 660 Physics

PSAT: 199



4. EC's



Varsity Swim (2 Years)

Varsity Tennis (2 Years)

Treasurer of a local charity

Treasurer of a cultural club

Vice President of a Religious Club

Environmental Engineer for a Robotics Club

Intern for a Fortune 500 Company at the MD&M West Expo

Shadowed 3 different doctors

Worked at a local tutoring business

Volunteered 200 hours at a local hospital



5. Awards



AP Distinguished Scholar

Top Scholar Award twice (Top 1% for the semester (Had a high GPA during my 10th and 11th grade)



6. Other



I consider myself a strong writer as I'd earned a 5 on the AP English exam and I receive praise for my writing often.



I applied mostly Biophysics, Bioengineering, Molecular Biology, and Physics to all these schools.



College Results:

Johns Hopkins: Rejected

Stanford: Rejected

UChicago (EA): Deferred -> Waitlisted -> Accepted

Vanderbilt: Rejected

USC : Rejected

NYU: Waitlisted -> Accepted -> ??Given Half-Ride Merit Scholarship??

University of Redlands: Accepted with 30K Merit Scholarship

Virginia Commonwealth University: Accepted with 16K Merit Scholarship

UC Berkeley: Rejected

UCLA: Rejected

UCSD: Accepted

UC Irvine: Accepted with some Merit Based Scholarship for 3000$

UC Davis: Rejected

UC Riverside: Accepted with Chancellor's Scholarship (5000$)



I chose to attend UC San Diego as they let me into one of the most impacted majors (Bioengineering) in the 5 year BS/MS program. I'm extremely excited to attend in the fall (Hopefully).



I felt bitter when I was rejected to so many places, but you know, college is what you make of it 
:)



BEST OF LUCK TO ALL YOU YOUNG GRASSHOPPERS.                

                    First, I'd like you all to check out my thread that I posted when I was applying for fall of 2013:


http://talk.collegeconfidential.com/what-my-chances/1371455-chance-me-for-all-uc-s-i-m-overly-optimistic-p1.html



Today, I am a freshman here at the University of California Los Angeles. I was admitted off the waitlist. I was accepted to EVERY school I applied to including all the UC's, CSUSM, and SDSU.



Look through the posts in that thread. People said that I shouldn't even bother applying to certain colleges because I wasn't good enough. One thing I regret about college applications is the fact that I let the people on the College Confidential forum get to me and lower my self worth. They made me feel worthless, like I wouldn't even be accepted to a CSU(if you look through my other threads). I actually went through a period of depression because I didn't think any school would want me and it affected my grades.



But look at me now, a proud Bruin! One thing I have to say to all you college applicants: You guys don't give yourself enough credit for all your hard work. I know because I didn't at first. Please remember that you are a superb student, and do NOT let others define you. This is a lesson learned in time, but you all will understand eventually!                

                    Hi all so I figured I'd make an actual results thread, because I always thought those were the most informative and helpful posts on here. I applied to 13 schools, many of them reaches, so I hope this gives a wide range of people an idea about what they can expect. I'm aware there's a thread for this, but I wanted to post it in the What are My Chances, since that's where people tend to go to find info like this.



Here are some stats:

SAT: 2380 single sitting, 800/800/780 (but on the 4th try...I don't recommend doing this)

ACT: 34 single sitting

AP tests: US history 5, US Gov 5, Comp Gov 5

SAT IIs: 760 US History, 740 English Literature, 700 Math II

Senior Year Courseload: AP English Lit, AP Calc AB, AP Environmental, AP Spanish Language, AP Economics

GPA: 6.41 through 3 years, 7.15 first half of senior year. school has a 7 point scale, where 6.5=a 4.0.

Class rank: school doesn't rank. Top 10-15% at a competitive boarding school

Awards: National Spanish Exam: Gold Levels I and III, Silver Level II

School:

One of 13 students selected to travel to England for 2 weeks to take classes at the Caterham school

American History paper contest, 2nd place

Modern World History Paper contest 3rd place



EC's: mission trip with my youth group- 5 years, 150+ hours

Soccer: 4 years (2 varsity), coaches wrote me a rec, we were 2nd in the state this year for our division

Track: 2 years varsity

School Paper, 4 years

Business Club: 4 years

Worked on and off as a referee since freshman year



White Male, OH, needed lots of aid



This is a brief overview...here are the schools with results:



Case Western Reserve: Accepted

Cornell: Waitlisted

Dartmouth: Rejected

Furman: Accepted

Harvard (EA): Deferred then Rejected

Miami of Ohio (EA): Accepted

Michigan (EA): Deferred then Accepted

Pomona: Rejected

Stanford: Rejected

Syracuse: Accepted

USC: Accepted

UVA: Accepted

Vassar: Accepted



So a pretty wide overall spread like I said...hope this was helpful, because I always wish there were more of these.




@gibby
 and 
@Falcon1
 I remember you guys mentioned it would be interesting to see an actual results page from me given the whole SAT situation, so here it is 
:D





















                    Does anybody have any examples? Those would be really helpful because I'm currently struggling with that right now!                

                    I figured this would be a decent way for prospective students to index their chances. By the way, I am from Pittsburgh, PA.



Applied to: Penn State, University of Pittsburgh, Fordham University, Duke University, University of Virginia, UCLA, UCSD, UC Berkeley, Tulane University, Stanford University, USC, Brown University.



Accepted to: Penn State, University of Pittsburgh, Fordham University, University of Virginia, UCLA, UCSD, UC Berkeley, Tulane University.



Rejected from: Duke, Stanford, USC, Brown.



GPA Weighted: 4.5

GPA Unweighted: 3.9



SAT: 2210

Reading: 750

Math: 760

Writing: 700



ACT: 34

English: 34

Math: 33

Reading: 35

Science: 34

Writing: 33



Extracurriculars: Athletics all year round throughout entire high school career, and some volunteer work/clubs/other organizations. Definitely could have been stronger.



Essays: Strong personal statement, weak supplemental essays for Stanford and Brown. Strong essay for UVA.



Any other questions, and I would be more than happy to answer. Best of Luck!                

                    I think actual results threads will do more good than a million people chancing, as future applicants who are similar to me can see what my chances were (if they want to read my old chance thread) and my now posted actual results.





my old thread: 
http://talk.collegeconfidential.com/what-my-chances/658729-chances-out-state-student-uc.html?highlight=Chances+state




ACTUAL RESULTS!!!!






Rejected From:

UC Davis

UC San Diego

Air Force Academy




Wait Listed:

Cal Poly SLO




ACCETPED:

Embry-Riddle

University of Nevada, Reno


Naval Academy (Will Attend)

Oregon State University

University of Arizona                

                    Seeing the success and helpfulness of "can more graduated seniors do "actual results" threads?" by GetOuttaBuffalo, I decided to start a thread where accepted students to schools in particular, UK schools, post their results so everyone in this forum would have a rough gauge as to where they stand in that foreign system (or in the US in general).



I would post my acceptances except that I have not gotten any yet. I will be sure to update all of you as soon as I hear from them. I hope for all the help I can get! It would be really helpful to prospective UK applicants like myself (I also applied to US schools)!                

                    This is in response to the "Can more graduated seniors do actual results?" thread.




Schools and Results
:




Brandeis University, RD
 --> Accepted with $15,000/year merit scholarship


Brown University, RD
 --> Denied


Case Western Reserve University, EA
 --> Accepted with $22,500/year merit scholarship


Clark University, EA
 --> Accepted with $18,000/year merit scholarship


Harvey Mudd College, RD
 --> Denied


University of California, Irvine
 --> Accepted


University of California, Los Angeles
 --> Denied


University of California, San Diego
 --> Accepted


University of Chicago, EA
 --> Deferred --> Waitlisted --> Accepted


Stanford University, RD
 --> Denied


Yale University, RD
 --> Denied



- - -




Stats
:



Ethnicity: White

Income bracket: >$250,000

High School: Public



Major: Computer science



GPA - Unweighted: 3.76

GPA - Weighted: 4.34

Class Rank: 30/748



Grades:

Freshman year got all As

Sophomore year got mostly Bs, a few As, and one semester of a C+ in AP Chem (but a 4 on the exam)

Junior year got all As, with one B each semester

Senior year courseload was all APs with one honors (anatomy)

First semester of senior year got all As with one B



SAT I Total: 2320

SAT I Math: 800

SAT I Critical Reading: 740

SAT I Writing: 780



SAT II Math Level 2 (IIC): 800

SAT II Physics: 720



Primary Extracurriculars:

- Youth Group

(International Board Member, Chapter President, many other roles)

- Student Government

(Secretary, developed mobile application for school)

- Open Mic Club

(Co-Founder, Treasurer, Web Editor)

- Freshman/Transfer Transition Program

(Leadership Board Member)

- NHS

(Officer)



Work Experience:

- Independent tutoring


